yN
Sysco Corporation CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Wednesday, July 28, 2021 wy D Pp

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Sysco Corporation (“Sysco” or the “Company) is the global leader in marketing and distributing food products and related foodservice supplies to
restaurants, health care and educational facilities, hotels, and other foodservice and hospitality businesses. We market quality Sysco brands, major
national, regional, and ethnic brands as well as locally sourced foods. As of June 27, 2020, with more than 57,000 associates, the company operates
326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations.

Sysco provides a complete spectrum of quality-assured food products, from kitchen staples to fine gourmet items. Our non-food products range from
kitchen equipment and glassware to eco-friendly disposables and chemicals. Sysco’s service offerings include menu consultation, marketing support,
and employee training. We succeed by partnering with our customers to understand their needs, and apply the same hands-on approach with the
growers, ranchers, and manufacturers who supply Sysco Brand products.

We serve approximately 625,000 customer locations around the world through a network of local operating companies complemented by specialty
businesses. This structure gives us an effective blend of local knowledge, wide product selection and broad service capabilities. Our operations
primarily exist in the United States and Canada, but also include operations in Ireland, the UK, France, Sweden, Belgium, Costa Rica, Mexico, Panama
and the Bahamas. Sysco’s portfolio includes specialty companies that enhance our ability to provide customers with premium-quality, niche, and
exclusive products. FreshPoint, our specialty produce company, addresses customers’ needs for fresh, unique, organic, and local produce items. Our
specialty meat companies are among the industry’s largest and most recognized providers of high-quality protein products. European Imports offers
