yN CDP
Great-West Lifeco Inc. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, >» > b D Pp

August 26, 2020

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

Great-West Lifeco Inc. (hereinafter “Great-West Lifeco” or “the Corporation”) is an international
financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement
and investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses.

When reporting for the Corporation, Great-West Lifeco covers its own activities as well as the
activities of its subsidiaries, comprising Canada Life Assurance Company and the Great-West
Lifeco U.S. LLC. Great-West Lifeco operates in Canada, the United States and Europe under
the brands Canada Life, Empower Retirement, Putnam Investments and Irish Life. As of
December 31, 2019, Great-West Lifeco and its companies had approximately 24,000
employees, 197,000 advisor relationships, and thousands of distribution partners — all serving
more than 31 million customer relationships across these regions. Great-West Lifeco and its
companies have approximately $1.6 trillion in consolidated assets under administration and are
members of the Power Corporation of Canada group of companies.

Great-West Lifeco has long held responsible and ethical management as an intrinsic value,
which we believe is essential to our long-term profitability and value creation for our
stakeholders. As such, one of the Corporation’s values is “Committing ourselves to
sustainability”. As part of its management philosophy, the Corporation and its subsidiaries are
committed to respecting the environment and taking a balanced and environmentally
sustainable approach, which includes understanding and proactively addressing the potential
impacts that climate change may have on our business.

The following document presents Great-West Lifeco’s approach to identifying and addressing
the impacts of climate change for its operating subsidiaries. for its operating subsidiaries.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

1 Ta mer-1is) stale Me FX) Tate lCer-1X: Mim ol: Laem olaonYd(ellalem-varles-J(ealmel- it miele

 

past reporting years

Reporting January 1, December 31, |No
year 2019 2019

 
