WN
Avient CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Tuesday, August 3, 2021 wy DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Headquartered in Avon Lake, Ohio, USA, with world-wide operations encompassing more than
100 facilities and employing approximately 8,400 associates, Avient (formerly PolyOne)
Corporation (NYSE: AVNT), is a premier provider of specialized sustainable material. The
company is dedicated to serving customers in diverse industries around the globe, by creating
value through collaboration, innovation and an unwavering commitment to excellence. Guided
by its Core Values, Sustainability Promise and No Surprises Pledge, Avient is an ACC
Responsible Care® and Great Place to Work® certified company and a founding member of
the Alliance to End Plastic Waste. The company is committed to its customers, employees,
communities and shareholders through ethical, sustainable and fiscally responsible principles.

As one of the world’s leading specialty polymer materials, services and solution companies,
Avient contributes to value creation with innovative and sustainable solutions for customers
from many industries. Through collaboration, innovation and excellence, our product portfolio is
designed to ensure our customer’s success. Additionally, our research and development is
focused on finding innovative solutions to many of the key challenges facing society today.
These include energy efficiency, renewable raw materials, light weighting and conserving
natural resources.

We aim to create a world-class sustainable organization through continual improvement in the
four cornerstones of our commitment to Sustainability:

* People — by keeping safety first, then hiring and developing our global team to then deliver to
our customers with ethics and integrity

* Products — by innovating material solutions and services that help our customers meet their
product and sustainability goals

* Planet — by conducting operations that minimize impact to the environment and natural
resources, while committing to helping areas and communities that are distressed or
undeserved.

* Performance — by delivering growth and value creation for all our stakeholders.

As a leading company in the field of specialty polymer materials, services and solutions, Avient
does not limit itself to simply complying with the legal requirements, but also takes part in a
