uN
Core Laboratories N.V. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, August 26, 2020 wy ( D Pp

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Core Laboratories is a limited liability company incorporated in The Netherlands and publicly traded in the United States on the New York Stock
Exchange and in The Netherlands on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. We were established in 1936 and are one of the world’s leading
providers of proprietary and patented reservoir description and production enhancement services and products to the oil and gas industry. These
services and products are directed toward enabling our clients to improve reservoir performance and increase oil and gas recovery from their producing
fields. We continue to develop new technologies that Complement our existing services and products, and we disseminate these technologies
throughout our global network. We have over 70 offices in more than 50 Countries and have approximately 3,800 employees. Reservoir Description:
To maximize the production and total recovery of hydrocarbons, oil companies must have a complete understanding of the reservoir rocks and fluids
present in their producing fields. Core Laboratories is the only global provider of services that characterize the porous reservoir rock and all three
reservoir fluids. Production Enhancement: Includes services and products relating to reservoir well completions, perforations, stimulations and
production. We provide integrated services to evaluate the effectiveness of well completions and to develop solutions aimed at increasing the
effectiveness of enhanced oil recovery projects. Core Laboratories has taken extensive measures to ensure the services, products and data provided
by all of our worldwide locations are of the highest quality and integrity. Our commitment to applying and developing new technologies to optimize
reservoir performance is unsurpassed in the oilfield service industry. This commitment to technology and to our clients’ bottom line makes Core
Laboratories, The Reservoir Optimization Company TM.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Start date End date Vato [Ker-1t- Mim cole m-la-m olaonacellalem-Varl(-t-J(o) ale l-1¢- Mammy) (2101 ma ale aleltalel-] mo) mm oy-t-)ala:)eoladlalemy:t-le-m eV MUTI Mel-)

for past reporting years providing emissions data for

 
