WN
Continental AG CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Wednesday, July 28, wy DP

2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Continental AG is the parent company of the Continental Group. In addition to Continental AG,
the Continental Group comprises 563 companies, including non-controlled companies. The
Continental team is made up of 236,386 employees at a total of 561 locations in the areas of
production, research and development, and administration, in 58 countries and markets. Added
to this are the distribution locations, with 955 company-owned tire outlets and a total of around
5,000 franchises and operations with a Continental brand presence.
The Continental Group is divided into the group sectors Automotive Technologies, Rubber
Technologies and Powertrain Technologies. These sectors comprise five business areas with a
total of 21 business units (as of January 1, 2021). A business area or business unit is classified
according to product requirements, market trends, customer groups and distribution channels.
The business areas and business units have overall responsibility for their business, including
their results. The legally independent Powertrain business area operates under the name
Vitesco Technologies. This has no effect on the financial reporting of the Powertrain business
area within the Continental Group.
Overall responsibility for managing the company is borne by the Executive Board of Continental
Aktiengesellschaft (AG). Each business area is represented by one Executive Board
member. To ensure a unified business strategy, an Automotive Board was established in the
Automotive Technologies group sector, with the CEO of Continental AG serving as
chairman. With the exception of Group Purchasing, the central functions of Continental AG are
represented by the chairman of the Executive Board, the chief financial officer and the
Executive Board member responsible for Human Relations. They take on the functions
required to manage the Continental Group across business areas. These include, in particular,
finance, controlling, compliance, law, IT, human relations, sustainability, as well as quality and
environment.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.
