Arcadis CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 22 August 2020 Ww DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Arcadis is the leading global Design & Consultancy firm for natural and built assets. Established
in 1888, we have applied our deep market sector insights, and collective Design, Consultancy,
Engineering, Project and Management solutions for our clients to deliver exceptional and
sustainable outcomes.

At the end of the 2019, we had 27,875 employees, offices in over 30 countries and generated
€3.47 billion in revenues. Arcadis is globally headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands with
a worldwide network anchored by leading positions in Europe, North America, Latin America,
the Middle East, Asia and Australia-Pacific.

Through this network, we support our clients on a truly global basis, and our clients benefit from
our strong local presence and our long-term service record on their behalf is rooted in a deep-
seated understanding of local market conditions alongside global expertise on a variety of
subject matters.

Our client base is diverse, ranging from public and private sector organizations to regulated
institutions. We leverage our deep understanding of sustainability to deliver groundbreaking
projects and solutions that create value for our clients and make positive contributions to the
environment and society. Arcadis offers full lifecycle solutions for clients in most of the major
markets including business advisory and consulting, architectural design, remediation, design
and engineering, and program/project/cost management. Arcadis differentiates itself from
competitors through key market sector insights, by deepening our market sector capabilities
and by developing long-term client relationships and addressing our client’s multi-faceted
needs.

In terms of corporate governance, climate related issues at Arcadis in 2019 were managed by a
dedicated sustainability supervisory board member (‘DSSBM’). The DSSBM was appointed to
lead our sustainability focus and establish a Sustainability Committee (‘SusCo’), which was
formally established in May 2020.

The SusCo is a committee of the Arcadis Supervisory Board. It consists of three members of
the Supervisory Board, including the Chief Executive Officer (‘CEO’) and the Executive
Leadership Team member responsible for Sustainability ((ELTS’). Key figures within Arcadis
who were already essential for our 2019 corporate sustainability program.

The primary task of the SusCo, and before that the DSSBM, is to assist and advise the
Supervisory Board in the area of sustainability. For the purpose hereof, sustainability is defined
as the various Environmental, Social, and Governance topics that demonstrate or measure the
