Wilmar International Limited CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 We DP

Wednesday, July 31, 2019
DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Wilmar International Limited, founded in 1991 and headquartered in Singapore, is today Asia's
leading agribusiness group. Wilmar is ranked amongst the largest listed companies by market
capitalisation on the Singapore Exchange.

Wilmar's business activities include oil palm cultivation, oilseed crushing, edible oils refining,
sugar milling and refining, manufacturing of consumer products, specialty fats, oleochemicals,
biodiesel and fertilisers as well as flour and rice milling. At the core of Wilmar's strategy is an
integrated agribusiness model that encompasses the entire value chain of the agricultural
commodity business, from cultivation, processing, merchandising to manufacturing of a wide
range of agricultural products. It has over 500 manufacturing plants and an extensive
distribution network covering China, India, Indonesia and some 50 other countries. The Group
has a multinational workforce of about 90,000 people.

Wilmar's portfolio of high quality processed agricultural products is the preferred choice of
consumers and the food manufacturing industry. Its consumer-packed products have a leading
share in many Asian and African countries. Through scale, integration and the logistical
advantages of its business model, Wilmar is able to extract margins at every step of the value
chain, thereby reaping operational synergies and cost efficiencies. Wilmar is a firm advocate of
sustainable growth and is committed to its role as a responsible corporate citizen.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Start date tale Me F-1K-) Tae lCer-1X- Mim cell m-la-W oleh Collate M-1niles-}(olatMel- Lt Mm colm™ ey- boy
r=) eXolatlare MYAcY- ES

 

Row | January 1, December 31,
1 2018 2018

C0.3

(C0.3) Select the countries/regions for which you will be supplying data.
Australia
Ghana
Indonesia
