| _ yt
The Clorox Company CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 wy DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Trucost used its proprietary hybrid EEIO/LCA in conjunction with Clorox data on
revenue by business activity to calculate absolute emissions from all of Clorox’s
upstream transportation and distribution. Trucost also extracted the supply chain
emissions for air, rail, water and truck transportation to calculate the cradle-to-gate

emissions relating to transportation and distribution. Estimated to be 51,000 metric tons
COQ2e.

Waste generated in operations

Evaluation status
Not relevant, explanation provided

Please explain
Trucost used its proprietary hybrid EEIO/LCA in conjunction with Clorox data on
revenue by business activity to calculate absolute emissions from all of Clorox’s waste
generated in operations. This was found to be Not Relevant (Immaterial).

Business travel

Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated

Metrictonnes CO2e
6,883

Emissions calculation methodology
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard
(Revised Edition). This includes emissions associated with domestic and international
air travel miles as well as rental and fleet car miles for the reporting period. All
calculations were performed by our contracted consultants at Liberty Environmental
using current emission factors and converted to metric tons CO2e.

Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or
value chain partners
95

Please explain

This includes emissions associated with domestic and international air travel miles as
well as rental car and company car fleet miles for the reporting period. All calculations
were performed using current emission factors and converted to metric tons CO2e Raw
data for air travel is provided by American Express, our contracted travel management
vendor. Rental car data is provided by Hertz, our contracted rental car vendor. Company
car fleet mileage and gasoline usage data is maintained by the company’s internal travel
management team. Externally reported data our suppliers, Hertz and American Express
represent approximately 95% of the data. The rest comes from our internal fleet reports.

Employee commuting

Evaluation status
Relevant, not yet calculated

63
