| _ yt
The Clorox Company CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 wy DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of
consumer and professional products with about 8,800 employees worldwide and fiscal year
2020 sales of $6.7 billion. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer
brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products; Pine-Sol® cleaners;
Liquid-Plumr® clog removers; Poett® home care products; Fresh Step® cat litter; Glad® bags
and wraps; Kingsford® charcoal; Hidden Valley® dressings and sauces; Brita® water-filtration
products; Burt's Bees® natural personal care products; and RenewLife®, Rainbow Light®,
Natural Vitality Calm™, NeoCell® and Stop Aging Now® vitamins, minerals and supplements.
The company also markets industry-leading products and technologies for professional
customers, including those sold under the CloroxPro™ and Clorox Healthcare® brand names.
More than 80% of the company's sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2
market share positions in their categories.

Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact and the Ellen MacArthur
Foundation's New Plastics Economy Global Commitment. The company has been broadly
recognized for its corporate responsibility efforts, named to the 2020 Axios Harris Poll 100
reputation rankings, Barron's 2020 100 Most Sustainable Companies list, and the Human
Rights Campaign's 2020 Corporate Equality Index, among others. In support of its
communities, The Clorox Company and its foundations contributed more than $25 million in
combined cash grants, product donations and cause marketing in fiscal year 2020. For more
information, visit TheCloroxCompany.com, including the Good Growth blog, and follow the
company on Twitter at @CloroxCo.

Clorox is committed to good growth: growth that’s profitable, consistent and achieved
responsibly. Not only is it the right thing to do, we believe it’s the key to our long-term

success. Good growth starts with a commitment to addressing climate change. Rising
greenhouse gas emissions pose a real threat to the health of our planet — from the existence
of wildlife to the biodiversity of habitats as well as the availability of water and other natural
resources. That’s why Clorox supports congressional action on comprehensive national climate
change legislation aimed at reducing total emissions of greenhouse gas over time without
causing undue hardships for the U.S. economy.

In 2019 Clorox announced our IGNITE Strategy, which includes an ambitious set of
environmental, social and governance (ESG) leadership goals integrated with our strategic
business choices. As part of Clorox’s IGNITE ESG goals, we have committed to science-based
climate action cross our value-chain, 100% renewable electricity in our US and Canada
