WN
Saint-Gobain CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Monday, July 27, 2020 wy D Pp

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

With 171,000 employees, Saint-Gobain is present in 68 countries and holds more than 100
brands. The Group is a worldwide leader in the habitat and construction markets, providing
comfort, performance and safety while addressing the challenges of sustainable construction,
resource efficiency and climate change all over the world. As a growing number of countries
pass new regulations in favor of more energy-efficient buildings, it encourages the introduction
of innovative construction techniques for new buildings along with new insulation standards for
renovation projects. At the same time, urbanization is a major trend that is affecting the
construction market in both developed and emerging countries. The rapid exponential growth in
infrastructure needs and increasing demand for energy-efficient solutions represent valuable
opportunities for Saint-Gobain. With its unique positioning, Saint-Gobain is among the first to
benefit from the environmentally led growth in the construction market. Innovation is at the
heart of Saint-Gobain’s strategy. To support that vision and continuously improve its processes
and products, Saint-Gobain invests heavily in R and D. For the past nine years, the Group has
been ranked in the Top 100 Innovators by Clarivate. Over 80% of the Group’s sales occur in
the construction markets, including new construction, renovation, civil engineering and
infrastructure. Considerable change is on the way in interior and exterior insulation solutions.
The major part of our products (flat glass, glass wool, plasterboard, exterior wall and floor
coating mortars) already helps to make buildings more energy efficient for the end user and we
intend to further improve their performance in the future. The Group has announced in 2018 a
new organization, effective from 2019. The new structure is as follows: - Activities in regional
markets (activities from the former Building Distribution and Construction Products, as well as
building glass) are now organized by country and consolidated into four regions (Northern
Europe; Southern Europe, Middle-East, Africa; Americas; Asia-Pacific). In markets where
products and services are supplied locally and mostly have short distances to cover, the
structure per country and region leverages Saint-Gobain's strengths to meet the specific needs
of each local market. - A High Performance Solutions entity is responsible for global market
activities (corresponding to the former High-Performance Materials Sector as well as the
automotive glazing activities). These are products and services with a high unit value that can
be shipped over long distances and whose value is often created through co-innovation with
customers and bespoke technologies. The High Performance Solutions BUs provide the best
service to the various markets with three market-oriented BUs (Mobility, Life sciences,
Construction Industry) and two BUs serving industry more generally (one channel-oriented
Abrasives and Composite Systems BU and one product-oriented Ceramics BU). To showcase
and monitor its strong engagement towards sustainability, Saint-Gobain has set for itself a
number of ambitious targets in the areas of environment including CO2 emissions and energy
consumption. Those targets in intensity are set up for the plants being representative of the
