yN CDP
BanColombia SA CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, June >» > b D Pp

10, 2020

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

We are a growing, profitable and sustainable financial group. We seek to generate preference a
satisfaction in our customers and contribute to making their dreams come true through lasting
relationships based on responsibility respect, and closeness. We have 144 years of history and
operate in 4 countries and a wide portfolio of financial products and services to more than 14
million active customers. Grupo Bancolombia, through its history, has executed a strategy that
has allowed it to create a platform for growth. Its strategy has been evinced in the creation of a
Universal Banking model in local an international acquisition to expand its market. In access to
the world’s main capital markets. In the creation of a wide coverage physical network an in the
construction of one of the most reputed a valuable brand in Colombia. These are assets and
valuable facts that have allowed us to make the difference within the industry. Generating
shared value leads us to achieve profitable and sustainable growth every day in the countries
where we operate. To do this, we nurture the attributes that make it possible through actions
such as efficiency an indispensable condition for creating and promoting our businesses. We
always balance economic, environmental and social factors. a long-term balance that provides
us with permanence, confidence, and an unblemished reputation. Suppliers: 19.969
Customers: 14.000.000 Branch Offices: 975 CB: 16.740 Atms: 6196

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.
Start End date Indicate if you are Select the number of past
date providing emissions data reporting years you will be
for past reporting years reyce\VCelfavem-vailex-srelar-mel-lt- Miele

 

Reporting | January |December | Yes 3 years
year 1, 2019 31, 2019

C0.3

(C0.3) Select the countries/areas for which you will be supplying data.
Colombia
El Salvador
Guatemala
Panama
