GRIFOLS CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Monday, August 5, 2019 Ww DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Grifols is a global healthcare company since 1940 whose mission is to improve the health and
wellbeing of people around the world. We accomplish this mission by producing life-saving
protein therapies for patients and by providing hospitals, pharmacies and healthcare
professionals with the tools they need to deliver expert medical care.

We have three primary divisions -- Bioscience, Diagnostic and Hospital — which develop,
produce and market our innovative products and services to medical professionals in more than
90 countries around the world.

Bioscience: Grifols Plasma-Related Companies, in order to produce high quality plasma
products, has vertically integrated its productions structure. From plasma donation (Biomat
USA and TPR), further plasma testing and inventory hold (Grifols Plasma Operations), to the
production stage (Biomat, Instituto Grifols, Grifols Biologicals and Grifols Therapeutics), Grifols
closely oversees every step of the process.

Hospital Pharmacy and Blood Bank: A broad range of parenteral solutions for intravenous
therapies and clinical nutrition products used in the care of patients. Also offers latest-
generation solutions for hospital pharmacy management processes.

Diagnostic Division: Development and manufacture of instruments, reagents and other services
for in-vitro diagnostics that allow medical professionals to make more informed decisions. This

division’s products are designed for blood banks, transfusion centers and immunohematology
labs.

Engineering: Grifols Engineering designs novel engineering solutions for the manufacturing
processes in its own plants and offers its services to other companies.

Commercial affiliates over the world (offices and warehouses in some of them)

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Start date tae Me f= 1) Tate lCor-\X- Mim Colem-la-m elueyalellare M-litlt-t-J(e)al-Mel-1t- Mie) mm ey-ty!

reporting years

 
