WN
Evonik Industries AG CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Monday, July 29, wy DP

2019

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

C6.5

(C6.5) Account for your organization’s Scope 3 emissions, disclosing and explaining
any exclusions.

Purchased goods and services

Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated

Metric tonnes CO2e
11,500,000

Emissions calculation methodology
The emissions have been calculated according to the "Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition
2004)", "Required Greenhouse Gases in Inventories, Accounting and Reporting
Standard Amendment (2013)", "Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and
Reporting Standard, Supplement to the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and
Reporting Standard (2011)" and the "World Business Council for Sustainable
Development: Guidance for Accounting & Reporting Corporate GHG Emissions in the
Chemical Sector Value Chain (2013)".
Chemical Raw Materials
The calculation of the CO2eq burden is based on a top 100 list of most frequently
purchased raw materials by volume. thinkstep AG identified current emission factors
from the GaBi 7 database (2017) or, in rare cases, estimated emission factors from
similar products or average values. An extrapolation of GHG emissions was performed
on the basis of total raw material volumes. Emissions from production of indirect
purchased goods and packaging materials are reported, emissions from purchased
services are not considered in this category yet.
Indirect purchased goods and packaging materials
The calculation of emissions is based on a classified list of purchasing volumes of
indirect procurement. The list contains both, purchases from indirect goods and from
capital goods. Indirect procurement allocated all purchasing classes to the
corresponding reporting categories 1 (purchased goods) and 2 (capital goods). The top
100 categories by purchase value were analyzed and an extrapolation of GHG
emissions was performed on the basis of total purchase values. The top 100 purchasing
classes analyzed cover more than 80% of the total purchased volume and therefore
fulfill the condition of at least 80 % coverage recommended by WBCSD Scope 3
Chemical Sector Guidance. The amounts of purchased indirect goods and packaging
materials were calculated based on average prices of the corresponding materials. For
those materials, emission factors were identified from the GaBi 7 database (2017).
Emissions were calculated by multiplication of amounts of purchased indirect goods with
the emissions factors.

Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or
value chain partners

50
