WN
Evonik Industries AG CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Monday, July 29, wy DP

2019

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Evonik is one of the world’s leading specialty chemicals companies. Our strengths include the
balanced spectrum of our business activities, end-markets, and regions. Around 80 percent of
sales come from market-leading positions1, which we are systematically expanding. Our strong
competitive position is based on close collaboration with customers, our high innovative
capability, and our integrated technology platforms. Our specialty chemicals products make an
indispensable contribution to the benefits of our customers’ products, which generate their
success in global competition. Close cooperation with our customers enables us to build up a
deep knowledge of their business, so we can offer products tailored to their specifications and
extensive technical service. Our technology centers and customer competence centers play an
important role in this around the world. We drive forward our sustainability activities along the
value chain in close dialogue with our stakeholders. As well as our own production processes
and the products we market, we always consider the supply chain and the product benefits for
our customers and their customers. We have observed rising demand for products that
demonstrate a good balance of economic, ecological, and social factors. That opens up a
broad spectrum of future-oriented business opportunities for Evonik in attractive markets.
Sustainability has long been a growth driver in many of our businesses. In view of this, we
defined our sustainability strategy in more detail in 2018, especially as regards foresighted
resource management and integrating sustainability into strategic management processes.
Sustainability is part of Evonik’s market proposition. Our products and solutions are used in
many areas that help to improve people’s lives and minimize the use of scarce resources. In
this way, we also aim to play our part in the United Nations’ 17 Sustainable Development
Goals, to be achieved by 2030. In the reporting period, we examined the SDGs and their
relevance for the Evonik Group on various levels. Evonik is committed to observing
internationally recognized standards and its own more far-reaching guidelines and principles of
conduct. That includes, for example, the ten principles of the UN Global Compact. In addition,
we are guided by the International Labour Standards issued by the International Labour
Organization (ILO) and the Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises published by the
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). Evonik is involved in many
networks such as the Chemie3 sustainability initiative of the German chemical industry, and the
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). Together with our code of
conduct, our global social policy (GSP) and our environment, safety, health, and quality
(ESHQ) values provide a framework for responsible corporate management. We are convinced
that sustainable and responsible business activities are vital for the future of companies. In
view of this, we defined our sustainability strategy in more detail in 2018, especially as regards
