Williams-Sonoma Inc CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, Ww ( DP
August 26, 2020

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Williams-Sonoma, Inc., incorporated in 1973, is an omni-channel specialty retailer of high-
quality products for the home. In 1956, our founder, Chuck Williams, turned a passion for
cooking and eating with friends into a small business with a big idea. He opened a store in
Sonoma, California, to sell the French cookware that intrigued him while visiting Europe but
could not be found in America. Chuck’s business, which set a standard for customer
service, took off and helped fuel a revolution in American cooking and entertaining that
continues today.

In the decades that followed, the quality of our products, our ability to identify new opportunities
in the market and our people-first approach to business have facilitated our expansion beyond
the kitchen into nearly every area of the home. Growth across the Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
portfolio has been fueled by three areas of strategic investment: brand experimentation and
innovation for a best-in-class approach to omni-channel retail experiences; operational
excellence across the enterprise, from quality product and sourcing to efficient manufacturing
and supply chain; and culture and sustainability, from commitments to foster women in
leadership and embrace diversity to a healthy impact on our community and environment. We
speak to our commitment to “Good By Design” and our pillars of Planet, People, and Purpose
across all our brands on our sustainability website, https://sustainability.williams-
sonomainc.com/, which details our progress to public goals and our enhanced disclosures
aligned with an environmental, social, and governance framework.

Today, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is one of the United States’ largest e-commerce retailers with
some of the best known and most beloved brands in home furnishings. As the world’s largest
digital-first, design-led, sustainable home retailer, we are shaping the future of shopping for the
home. Our brands include Williams Sonoma, Williams Sonoma Home, Pottery Barn, Pottery
Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West Elm, Rejuvenation, and Mark & Graham. We operate in the
U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom and offer international shipping
to customers worldwide. Our unaffiliated franchisees operate stores in the Middle East, the
Philippines, Mexico and South Korea, as well as e-commerce websites in certain locations.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.
