uN
MTR Corporation Limited CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Thursday, December 10, 2020 wy ( D p

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020
CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
The MTR Corporation operates a predominantly rail based transportation system in Hong Kong, comprising domestic and cross-boundary services
including a High Speed Rail service ( connecting Hong Kong with the 29,000 km high speed rail network in the Mainland of China), a dedicated high-
speed Airport Express Railway (the only rail system connecting to and from the Hong Kong International Airport) and a light rail system, which in total
includes 13 railway networks, with total route length 262.6 kilometers, serving all 18 districts in Hong Kong. Our network is one of the most intensively
used in the world, known for its reliability, safety and efficiency. We also provide intercity services to and from the Mainland of China as well as bus
operation in Hong Kong offering convenient feeder services. With the Shatin to Central Link to be completed in 2022, our MTR network in Hong Kong
will add another 17 km route length. Leveraging our railway assets and expertise, the Corporation has moved forward with adjacent property and
railway-related businesses, including rental of station retail space, advertising in trains and stations, telecommunications, rail consultancy, cable car
operations and the Octopus Smart-card payments system. On the property side, we develop residential and commercial properties in conjunction with
property developers. We hold investment properties, principally shopping malls and offices, and manage our properties and those of others. Our
investment portfolio primarily includes shopping malls and 18 office floors of the Two International Finance Centre (IFC) office tower in Hong Kong. As
at 31 December 2019, we managed more than 104,000 residential units and more than 772,000 square metres of commercial space in Hong Kong.
Bringing expertise in railway development and property management to the Mainland of China and international market is a core component of the
Corporation's strategy for continued growth. We invest in urban rail networks as well as property development projects in the Mainland of China and
participate in "asset-light" operating concessions in the United Kingdom, Sweden and Australia. We will focus on successfully delivering our newly
awarded businesses and continue prudently to pursue new railway and rail-related business opportunities that will generate incremental benefits to our
shareholders. In this CDP, we cover the Corporation's principal activities in Hong Kong during 2019, however, the emissions data reported in this
survey also covers our global operations when asked. The detailed information for our subsidiaries can be found in our Sustainability Website and 2019
Sustainability Report.
