commer WW C
ASELSAN ELEKTRONIK SANAYi VE TICARET A.S. CDP Climate Change >» > b DP

Questionnaire 2019 Tuesday, July 23, 2019

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

ASELSAN is a face of technology in Turkey for decades and an inspiration for the manufacture
of electrical /electronic equipment since its establishment in 1975.

ASELSAN’s vision is being a national technology company that maintains its sustainable
growth by creating value in the global market; preferred due to its competitiveness, trusted as a
strategic partner, and caring for the environment and people.

Today ASELSAN is a world class brand in expanding systematically into the local and global
markets, with over $1 B in revenue and almost 6,000 employees. ASELSAN has become a
high technology, multi-product defense electronics company by introducing state-of-the-art
equipment and systems solutions for both military and professional applications in 3 continents
and 60 countries.

ASELSAN is a technology provider not only for the military but for Turkey in general. Military
technologies are translated into novel products in a wide array of areas such as public safety,
transportation, health, energy and automation systems, communication and high-end
agricultural technologies. In addition to meeting the national technological needs in line with the
mission, ASELSAN also enjoys the contribution of its export contracts to the progress of
Turkey.

ASELSAN Research Center has been certified as an R&D center by the Ministry of Science,
Industry and Technology on 26 October 2016 thus, establishing the 6th R&D center

in addition to the already existing 5 R&D centers within the Business Sectors.

ASELSAN operates under five business sectors:

* Communications and Information Technologies Business Sector (HBT): Tactical Radios,
Tactical Area Communication Systems, Avionic, Satellite and Naval Communication Systems,
Public Safety Communication Systems

* Radar, Electronic Warfare Business Sector (REHIS): Radar Systems, Electronic Warfare Self
Protection Systems, Electronic Warfare Intelligence and Attack Programs

* Defense Systems Technologies Business Sector (SST): Weapon Systems, Command Control
(C4ISR) Systems, Naval Combat Systems, Air and Missile Defense

* Microelectronics, Guidance & Electro-Optics Business Sector (MGEO): Electro-Optic
Systems, Guidance & Unmanned Systems, Avionic Systems, Microelectronics

* Transportation, Security, Energy & Automation Systems Business Sector (UGES):
Transportation Systems, Security Systems, Traffic and Automation Systems, Energy Systems,
Homeland Security Systems
