WN
Ecolab Inc. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Wednesday, July 24, 2019 wy DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Ecolab (NYSE: ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and energy technologies and
services. Around the world, businesses in foodservice, food processing, hospitality, healthcare,
industrial, and oil and gas markets choose Ecolab products and services to keep their
environment clean and safe, operate efficiently and achieve sustainability goals.

Founded in 1923 and headquartered in St. Paul, Minn., Ecolab’s global workforce of 49,000
associates help make the world cleaner, safer and healthier by delivering comprehensive
solutions and on-site service to promote safe food, maintain clean environments, optimize
water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies for customers at nearly three million
locations in more than 170 countries. Ecolab’s ultimate competitive advantage is found in our
industry-leading sales-and-service force. Every customer challenge is unique, which is why our
27,000 field associates partner with customers in their facilities, providing on-the-ground
consultation and service. Our experts employ a rigorous process to gather data, apply
advanced technology, rethink processes and provide solutions to address our customers’
unique economic, social and environmental challenges. Behind every field representative is a
team of researchers, scientists, engineers, regulatory specialists and other experts working
diligently to tackle customer challenges, develop new solutions and meet emerging needs.

For over 95 years, Ecolab has been developing solutions to help sustain a healthy world for
future generations. Our Total Impact approach evaluates the full impact of each product or
service we provide to help customers increase efficiency, minimize use of natural resources
and reduce waste—from sourcing and manufacturing to use and disposal. In 1928, we
patented our first dispenser to provide the optimal amount of chemicals and reduce waste. In
1948, we introduced the first rinse additive, reducing energy needed to dry dishes by speeding
up the drying process. In 1978, we eliminated ozone-depleting substances from our cleaning
products, 11 years before the Montreal Protocol went into effect. In 2018, we delivered
increased sales growth while also maintaining our combined investments in R&D, systems and
field technology. Always striving to do better, we are setting bolder environmental performance
goals that align with our business growth strategy as we continue to decouple resource use
from growth. By 2020, we aim to reduce water usage by 25 percent and greenhouse gas
emissions by 10 percent across all our manufacturing plants, compared to a 2015 baseline.
Further, we have set a customer impact goal, aiming to conserve 300 billion gallons of water
annually by 2030 by reducing water consumption within our own and our customers’
operations. This represents water conservation equaling the annual drinking needs of more
than 1 billion people.
