qN CDP
AngloGold Ashanti CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Monday, September >» > b D Pp

30, 2019

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
AngloGold Ashanti is a multinational gold mining company with a geographically diverse
portfolio of operations and projects. Headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa, AngloGold
Ashanti is the third largest gold mining company in the world, measured by
production. AngloGold Ashanti produced 3.4 million ounces of gold in 2018 - an estimated
2.8% of global production - making it the third largest gold producer in the world. In 2018,
AngloGold Ashanti operated 14 gold-producing operations located in 8 countries on three
continents, and a group of greenfield projects in Colombia and is supported by a focused
exploration programme. These comprise mid to long-life, relatively low-cost assets with
differing ore body types located in key gold-producing regions. AngloGold Ashanti currently
operates in South Africa, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Ghana, the Republic of Guinea, Mali and
Tanzania. Several of these assets are strongly leveraged to energy costs and currencies. In
addition, AngloGold Ashanti holds a material interest in 2 non-managed mines which were
operated by Randgold Resources in 2018. We work across the full spectrum of the mining
value chain and are mindful of the impact of our activities on the varied and many communities
and environments in which we operate. Our goal is to create sustainable value for our
shareholders, employees, and social partners through safe and responsible mining practices
and capital discipline. AngloGold Ashanti's primary listing is on the Johannesburg Stock
Exchange (ANG) and is also listed on the following securities exchanges: New York (AU),
Australia (AGG) and Ghana (AGA).

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Start date tae Me f= 1) Tate [for-1X-Mim elem: la-m olaonarellare M:1inl(-S-J(e) al-Mel-1t- Mice) mm ey- fy!
reporting years

Row | January 1, December 31,
1 2018 2018

C0.3

 

(C0.3) Select the countries/regions for which you will be supplying data.
Argentina
Australia
Brazil
