L Brands, Inc. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Thursday, September Ww DP
10, 2020

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
General
L Brands, Inc. (“we” or the "Company”) operates in the highly competitive specialty retail
business. Founded in 1963 in Columbus, Ohio, we have evolved from an apparel-based
specialty retailer to a segment leader focused on women’s intimate and other apparel, personal
care, beauty and home fragrance products. We sell our merchandise through company-owned
specialty retail stores in the United States (“U.S.”), Canada, the United Kingdom ("U.K."),
Ireland and Greater China (China and Hong Kong); through websites; and through international
franchise, license and wholesale partners (collectively, "partners").

Bath & Body Works

Bath & Body Works, which sells products under the Bath & Body Works, White Barn, C.O.
Bigelow and other brand names, is one of the leading specialty retailers of body care, home
fragrance products, soaps and sanitizers. We sell our Bath & Body Works products online and
at more than 1,735 Bath & Body Works company-owned stores in the U.S. and Canada.
Additionally, Bath & Body Works has more than 275 stores in more than 30 other countries
operating under franchise, license

and wholesale arrangements.

Victoria’s Secret

Victoria’s Secret, including PINK, is a specialty retailer of women's intimate and other apparel
with fashion-inspired collections and prestige fragrances. We sell our Victoria’s Secret products
online and at more than 1,180 Victoria’s Secret and PINK company-owned stores in the U.S.,
Canada, U.K., Ireland and Greater China. Additionally, Victoria’s Secret and PINK have more
than 440 stores in more than 70 countries operating under franchise, license and wholesale
arrangements.

Divestiture and Closure

La Senza

On January 6, 2019, we completed the sale of the La Senza business to an affiliate of Regent
LP, a global private equity firm.

Henri Bendel
In January 2019, we closed all of our Henri Bendel stores and the e-commerce website.
