Bank of America CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Tuesday, July 30, 2019 Ww DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019
CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

Bank of America is one of the world’s leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large
corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company
provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 66 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 4,300
retail financial centers, including approximately 2,200 lending centers, 2,400 financial centers with a Consumer Investment Financial Solutions Advisor
and 1,700 business centers; approximately 16,600 ATMs; and award-winning digital banking with more than 37 million active users, including
approximately 28 million mobile users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across
a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-
leading support to approximately 3 million small business owners through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company
serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE:
BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. (As of June 30, 2019.)

At Bank of America, we are guided by a common purpose to make financial lives better through the power of every connection. We deliver on this
through a strategy of responsible growth and a focus on environmental, social and governance leadership. Through these efforts, we are driving
growth—investing in the success of our employees, and helping to create jobs, develop communities, foster economic mobility and address society’s
biggest challenges—while managing risk and providing a return to our clients and our business.

As evidenced by the most recent United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Fifth Assessment Report and the United States
government’s Fourth National Climate Assessment, urgent action is needed to address climate change and prevent its increasingly devastating impacts
from accelerating further. At Bank of America, we recognize that climate change poses a significant risk to our business, our clients and the
communities where we live and work.
