1N
L Brands, Inc. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Wednesday, July 28, wy ( D p

2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
General:
L Brands, Inc. ("we’” or the "Company") operates the Bath & Body Works, Victoria's Secret and
PINK retail brands in the highly competitive specialty retail business. Founded in 1963 in
Columbus, Ohio, we have evolved from an apparel-based specialty retailer to a segment leader
focused on home fragrance products, body care, soaps and sanitizers, women’s intimate and
other apparel, and personal and beauty care products. We sell our merchandise through
company-operated specialty retail stores in the United States ("U.S."), Canada and Greater
China, through international franchise, license and wholesale partners (collectively, "partners")
and through websites worldwide.

We are committed to establishing our Bath & Body Works business as a pure-play public
company and are taking the necessary steps to prepare the Victoria's Secret business,
including PINK, to operate as a separate standalone company. Our Board of

Directors (the "Board") approved a plan to separate the company into two independent, public
companies: Bath & Body Works, one of the world’s leading bath, body and home fragrance
retailers, and Victoria's Secret, including Victoria’s Secret Lingerie, PINK and Victoria’s Secret
Beauty, a leading retailer of intimates and beauty products. The transaction is currently
expected to be completed in August 2021.

Bath & Body Works

Bath & Body Works, which sells products under the Bath & Body Works, White Barn, C.O.
Bigelow and other brand names, is one of the leading specialty retailers of body care, home
fragrance products, soaps and sanitizers. We operate more than 1,735 Bath & Body Works
stores in the U.S. and Canada and online at www.BathandBodyWorks.com. Additionally, Bath
& Body Works has more than 285 stores in more than 30 other countries operating under
franchise, license and wholesale arrangements.

Victoria’s Secret
Victoria’s Secret, including PINK, is a specialty retailer of women's intimate and other apparel
with fashion-inspired collections and prestige fragrances. We operate more than 930 Victoria’s
