yN C
Weir Group CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Tuesday, October 1, 2019 >» > b DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Our Sustainability Strategy
Launched during 2017, our ‘We are Weir’ strategy states our vision "To be the most admired
engineering business in our markets"; with all stakeholders regarding Weir as a truly
outstanding business to be associated with. Our mission is "To enable our customers to
sustainably and efficiently deliver the energy and natural resources needed by a growing
world". To achieve this, we have chosen four areas of distinct competence —
People, Customers, Technology and Performance - with sustainability cutting across all
four. As an energy and carbon intensive business operating several foundries, we recognise
the importance of managing emissions arising from our operations. Our customers also want
their operations to become increasingly efficient, smarter and more sustainable. These are the
big themes that will help shape our industry in the years to come and we intend to play our part
in helping our customers deliver solutions to these global challenges - partnering to develop the
mine and frac of the future. Our Board is fully committed to building a sustainable business
where this purpose, culture and values are fully aligned and lived every day.

Our 2018 progress

In 2018 a new Group Sustainability Reporting Manager position was created to support the
delivery of our sustainability strategy. We rebuilt our environmental sustainability data collation
and analysis processes on a new global reporting software system. With enhanced data quality
and analysis functionality, this will enable more informed and effective decision making. In our
2018 Annual Report sustainability review we set out key focus areas regarding our People,
Communities, Ethics and the Environment, to balance the broad environmental and societal
benefits of our business with potential impacts arising from our operations, including climate
change issues. We are working to improve our position in relation to climate change mitigation
and resilience and have taken several actions to enable us to do so. Our CEO outlined that as
technology leaders we are well placed to help our customers solve their sustainability
challenges - highlighting our products and solutions which help our customers to use less water
and energy, reduce waste, improve energy efficiency and protect local water supplies. We're
excited about the strength of the technology pipeline our engineers are working -

a range of innovations from incremental product improvements to solutions that have the
potential to disrupt our markets. In 2018, our Group Exec bonus remuneration was
dependent, in part, to achievement of two sustainability KPls under the Performance
competency on our balanced scorecard. This continued commitment was demonstrated
through inclusion of 2019 KPI to develop ‘a sustainability roadmap to deliver tangible value
across the Group’ during 2019" . A full materiality assessment has already been completed in
1H 2019 looking at all components of ESG.
