Corning Incorporated CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Wednesday, July Ww DP
28, 2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Corning Incorporated, hereinafter referred to as "Corning," traces its origins to a glass business
established in 1851. The present corporation was incorporated in New York state in December
1936. The company’s name was changed from Corning Glass Works to Corning Incorporated
on April 28, 1989. Corning is a leading innovator in materials science. For almost 170 years,
Corning has combined its unparalleled expertise in glass science, ceramic science, and optical
physics with deep manufacturing and engineering capabilities to develop category-defining
products that transform industries and enhance people's lives. We succeed through sustained
investment in research and development, a unique combination of material and process
innovation, and deep, trust-based relationships with customers who are global leaders in their
industries. Corning’s capabilities are versatile and synergistic, allowing the company to evolve
to meet changing market needs, while also helping our customers capture new opportunities in
dynamic industries. Today, Corning’s markets include optical communications, mobile
consumer electronics, display, automotive, and life sciences. Corning's industry-leading
products include damage-resistant cover glass for mobile devices; precision glass for advanced
displays; optical fiber, wireless technologies, and connectivity solutions for state-of-the-art
communications networks; trusted products to accelerate drug discovery and delivery; and
clean-air technologies for cars and trucks. Corning operates in five reportable segments:
Display Technologies, Optical Communications, Environmental Technologies, Specialty
Materials and Life Sciences and manufactures products at 122 plants in 15 countries and
regions. (2020 Form 10-K, page 2, corning.com).

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

1 Ta mer-1is) stale Me FLX) Tate lCer-1X:M i mYcelm- Lac olaona(ellalem-varley-J(oal-mel- lt Miele

past reporting years

 

Reporting January 1, December 31, /No
year 2019 2019

 
