DANFOSS CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Tuesday, August 25, 2020

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
With leading expertise in refrigeration and air conditioning, controls for electric motors, heating
systems for buildings and cities, and hydraulic solutions to power agricultural and construction
machinery, our impact can be felt everywhere.
Quality, innovation and reliability are rooted in our DNA. Our technologies and products can be
trusted to push the boundaries for what is possible, deliver exceptional performance and
answer the real needs of our customers.
We see opportunities everywhere — from feeding a growing population, to saving energy, to
letting everyone enjoy a more comfortable, better quality of life. We aim to rise to ever more
complex challenges and, through knowledge and hard work, engineer solutions that achieve
more with less.
This is what drives us. To realize more of the potential of this amazing world. And engineer the
dreams of tomorrow, today. Our ambition is to realize the vast potential for better infrastructure,
improved food supply, higher energy productivity and more climate-friendly solutions. For our
customers, we aim to deliver unprecedented quality, reliability and innovation in everything we
do.

Danfoss Power Solutions

Danfoss Power Solutions is one of the world’s leading players in the mobile hydraulics market.
The segment covers three divisions: Hydrostatics, Work Function, Controls, as well as some
stand-alone businesses. Within each division, the segment plays a leading role in R&D, design,
manufacture and sale of innovative and performance-enhancing hydraulic and electronic
systems and components. The business segment is highly specialized in mobile hydraulics and
provides world-class solutions for the construction, agriculture, and other off-highway vehicle
markets.

Danfoss Cooling

Danfoss Cooling is the player in the air-conditioning and refrigeration industry with the most
complete offering. The business segment is an industry frontrunner in energy efficient
engineering, and strong application expertise within commercial refrigeration, industrial
refrigeration, air-conditioning, and supermarket refrigeration.

With more than 10,000 components, including compressors, valves, sensors and switches,
Danfoss Cooling provides its customers with innovative, energy-saving and precise control
solutions.

Danfoss Drives

Classified as Business
