yN |
Coca-Cola HBC AG CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Friday, August 30, wy DP

2019

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Coca-Cola HBC is one of the world’s largest bottlers of drinks from The Coca Cola Company
and our business has a strong foundation for long-term growth. Coca-Cola HBC (Coca-Cola
Hellenic Bottling Company) is a bottling partner of The Coca-Cola Company. This means that
The Coca-Cola Company manufactures and sells concentrates, bases and syrups to its bottling
partners, owns the brands and is responsible for consumer brand marketing initiatives. We use
the concentrates and syrups to manufacture, package, merchandise and distribute the final
branded products to our trade partners and consumers. Selling more than 2.1 billion unit cases
every year — that’s 50 billion servings — we're one of the world’s largest bottlers of The
Coca-Cola Company’s brands. We operate in 28 countries, serving 600 million potential
consumers across three continents. We bottle, sell and distribute the world’s most recognised
soft drink: Coca-Cola. Along with Coca-Cola Light, Sprite and Fanta, also licensed to us by The
Coca-Cola Company, these are four of the world’s five best-selling non-alcoholic ready-to drink
beverages. Still drinks — water, juices, tea and energy drinks — make up to 31 percent of our
volume. This diverse portfolio means that we’re a strong partner for our customers and provide
great choice for consumers. We've integrated sustainability and corporate responsibility into
every part of our business, aiming to build long-term value for our stakeholders. Coca-Cola
HBC is headquartered in Zug, Switzerland and has a premium listing on the London Stock
Exchange and secondary listing on the Athens Exchange.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.
Start date End date Tate lfor-\X- mim 'colem-la-m eae) lellale Mmmey:)(:(e1 mm Ual-Malelin) ol-1meym ey-t-y!
emissions data for past reporting years you will be
reporting years providing emissions data for

Row | January 1,;December | Yes 3 years
1 2018 31, 2018

C0.3

 

(C0.3) Select the countries/regions for which you will be supplying data.
Armenia
Austria
Belarus
