Advanced Micro Devices, Inc - Climate Change 2021 : S CDP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

CO. Introduction

 

CO.1

 

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

AMD is a global semiconductor company that designs and delivers: x86 microprocessors for servers, notebooks, workstations, and desktop PCs and x86 microprocessors
with integrated graphics for notebook and desktop PCs; Graphics processing units (GPUs) for notebooks, desktop PCs, workstations, and the data center; and Embedded
and semi-custom processors for game consoles, displays, thin clients, storage systems, and more.

Founded in 1969 as a Silicon Valley start-up, the AMD journey began with dozens of employees focused on leading-edge semiconductor products. From those modest
beginnings, AMD has grown into a global company achieving many important industry firsts along the way. We are proud of our culture of bold technology bets, ambitious
product roadmaps, deep partnerships, and excellence in execution. We operate in over 35 locations worldwide (https://www.amd.com/en/corporate/locations), including
engineering facilities, sales and business service sites, and corporate offices.

C0.2

 

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

|] Start date End date Indicate if you are providing emissions data for past reporting Select the number of past reporting years you will be providing emissions data
years for

 

Reporting January 1 December 31 No <Not Applicable>
year 2020 2020
C0.3

 

(C0.3) Select the countries/areas for which you will be supplying data.
Canada
China
India
Singapore
United States of America

CO.4

 

(C0.4) Select the currency used for all financial information disclosed throughout your response.
USD

C0.5

 

(C0.5) Select the option that describes the reporting boundary for which climate-related impacts on your business are being reported. Note that this option should
align with your chosen approach for consolidating your GHG inventory.
Operational control

C1. Governance

 

C1.1

(C1.1) Is there board-level oversight of climate-related issues within your organization?
Yes

Ci.1a

CDP Page 1 of 32
