WN
First Solar Inc CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Wednesday, July 28, wy D Pp

2021
DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
First Solar is a leading American solar technology company and global provider of responsibly-
produced eco-efficient solar modules advancing the fight against climate change. We are
unique among the world’s ten largest solar manufacturers for being the only US-headquartered
company and for not using a crystalline silicon (c-Si) semiconductor. Developed at R&D labs in
California and Ohio, First Solar’s advanced thin film photovoltaic (PV) modules represent the
next generation of solar technologies, providing a competitive, high-performance, lower-carbon
alternative to conventional c-Si PV panels. From raw material sourcing and manufacturing
through end-of-life module recycling, First Solar’s approach to technology embodies
sustainability and a responsibility towards people and the planet. Our vision is to lead the
world's sustainable energy future and our mission is to provide cost-advantaged solar
technology through innovation, customer engagement, industry leadership, and operational
excellence.

First Solar's proven solar solutions diversify the energy portfolio and reduce the risk of fuel-
price volatility while delivering a levelized cost of electricity (LCOE) that is cost competitive with
fossil fuels today. First Solar has set the benchmark for environmentally responsible product life
cycle management by introducing the industry's first global and comprehensive recycling
program for solar modules. We are committed to minimizing the environmental impacts and
enhancing the social and economic benefits of our products and projects across their life cycle,
from raw material sourcing through product end-of-life. For more information about First Solar,
please visit www.firstsolar.com

First Solar was founded in 1999 and began commercial production in 2002. Since 2002 and
through 2020, we have sold over 30 gigawatts (GW) of PV solar modules. Assuming average
worldwide irradiance and grid electricity emissions, our products are being used to displace
over 21 million metric tons of CO2e per year during their 30+ year product life. This is
equivalent to powering more than 15 million average homes, planting over 350 million trees and
saving over 54 billion liters of water (or 21,000 Olympic swimming pools) per year based on
worldwide averages. Every year, First Solar products are displacing more than 10 times the
amount of greenhouse gas emissions we emit through our global operations and supply chain.
