NRG Energy Inc CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Wednesday, August 28, Ww DP

2019
DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

NRG Energy, Inc., or NRG or the Company, is an energy company built on dynamic retail
brands with diverse generation assets. NRG brings the power of energy to consumers by
producing, selling and delivering electricity and related products and services in major
competitive power markets in the U.S. in a manner that delivers value to all of NRG's
stakeholders. NRG is perfecting the integrated model by balancing retail load with generation
supply within its deregulated markets, while evolving to a customer-driven business. The
Company sells energy, services, and innovative, sustainable products and services directly to
retail customers under the names "NRG" and "Reliant" and other brand names owned by NRG
supported by approximately 23,000(a) MW of generation as of December 31, 2018. NRG was
incorporated as a Delaware corporation on May 29, 1992. Certain matters discussed in this
survey are forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please see statement below
about forward-looking statements.

SAFE HARBOR: In addition to historical information, the information presented in this report
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These statements involve estimates, expectations,
projections, goals, assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and can typically
be identified by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,
“goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “expect,” “intend,” “seek,” “plan,” “think,” “anticipate,” “estimate,”
“predict,” “target,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable
terminology. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about
the Company’s future revenues, income, indebtedness, capital structure, plans, expectations,
objectives, projected financial performance and/or business results and other future events,
and views of economic and market conditions.

Although NRG believes that its expectations are reasonable, it can give no assurance that
these expectations will prove to be correct, and actual results may vary materially. Factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated herein include, among
others, general economic conditions, hazards customary in the power industry, weather
conditions, competition in wholesale power markets, the volatility of energy and fuel prices,
failure of customers to perform under contracts, changes in the wholesale power markets,
changes in government regulations, the condition of capital markets generally, our ability to
access capital markets, cyberterrorism and inadequate cybersecurity, unanticipated outages at
our generation facilities, adverse results in current and future litigation, failure to identify,
execute or successfully implement acquisitions, repowerings or asset sales, our ability to
