qN
Atlantica Sustainable Infrastructure PLC CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 wy DP

Wednesday, July 28, 2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

Co. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Atlantica is a sustainable infrastructure company with the majority of its activities in renewable
energy. In 2020, our renewable sector represented approximately 74% of our revenue, with
solar energy representing approximately 70%. We complement our renewable assets portfolio
with storage, efficient natural gas and transmission infrastructure assets, as enablers of the
transition towards a clean energy mix. We are also present in water infrastructure assets, a
sector at the core of sustainable development. Our purpose is to support the transition towards
a more sustainable world by investing in and managing sustainable infrastructure, while
creating long-term value for our investors and the rest of our stakeholders.

We currently own and manage operating facilities in North America (United States, Canada and
Mexico), South America (Peru, Chile, and Uruguay) and EMEA (Spain, Algeria and South
Africa). We intend to expand our portfolio, while maintaining North and South America and
Europe as our core geographies.

Atlantica is a U.K. company listed on Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol
"AY". In 2020 our assets generated a revenue of $1,013 million and an adjusted EBITDA
including unconsolidated affiliates of $796 million. Atlantica had 456 employees as of
December 31, 2020, 27% of which were women.

In 2020, our activities allowed us to avoid over 5 million tons of CO2 emissions compared with
a 100% fossil fuel-based generation plant. In addition, following a thorough analysis, the Board
of Directors approved a new ambitious GHG emission target, setting out to achieve a 70%
reduction in Atlantica's emission rate per unit of energy generated by 2035 vs. the 2020 base
year. As part of our commitment to sustainability, we also implemented a new GHG emission
offset mechanism. Furthermore, the Board is also committed to maintaining over 80% of our
adjusted EBITDA, including unconsolidated affiliates, from low-carbon footprint assets such as
renewable energy, storage, transmission infrastructure and water assets.

As of the date of this report Atlantica owns or has interests in 34 assets, comprising 2,018 MW
of aggregate renewable energy installed generation capacity (of which ~71% is solar), 398 MW
