yt |
Suncor Energy Inc. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Thursday, July 29, wy DP

2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Suncor is an integrated energy company headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Suncor’s
long-life, low-decline asset base, strong balance sheet and integrated model, with our
connection to end consumers through our retail network, sets us apart from our peers. These
advantages are complemented by our long-standing approach to sustainability, operational
excellence, capital discipline, technology and innovation. Suncor’s integrated operations
include oil sands development and upgrading, onshore and offshore oil and gas production,
petroleum refining, renewables and product marketing under the Petro-Canada™ brand. As
Canada’s leading integrated energy company, we believe environmental and social progress
and economic performance are intertwined and integral to our success.

The terms "Suncor" or "the company" in these responses are used herein for simplicity of
communication and only mean that there is an affiliation with Suncor Energy Inc., without
necessarily identifying the specific nature of the affiliation. The use of such terms in any
response herein does not mean that they apply to Suncor Energy Inc. or any particular affiliate,
and does not waive the corporate separateness of any affiliate. For further clarity, Suncor
Energy Inc. does not directly operate or own assets in the United States.

C0.2

(CO.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Sica tale Me f-1K:) Indicate if you are Select the number of past
date reyceMViCe [lave m-vailes-J(o)armel-|¢- Mmmm) ekelatiale MYZ:t-1e-MolUmN UII Mel:

for past reporting years providing emissions data for

 

Reporting |January |December | Yes 1 year
year 1,2020 | 31, 2020

 

C0.3

(C0.3) Select the countries/areas for which you will be supplying data.
Canada
