yN C
CSX Corporation CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Wednesday, July 28, >» > b DP

2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Based in Jacksonville, Florida, CSX Corporation (CSX) -- along with its subsidiaries -- is a
premier transportation company. It provides rail-based transportation services including
traditional rail service, rail-to-truck transloading services, and the transport of intermodal
containers and trailers.
CSX's principal operating subsidiary, CSX Transportation, Inc. (CSXT), provides an important
link to the transportation supply chain through its approximately 19,500 route mile network,
which serves major population centers in 23 states east of the Mississippi River, the District of
Columbia, and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec. CSXT has access to more than
70 ocean, river, and lake port terminals along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts, the Mississippi
River, the Great Lakes, and the St. Lawrence Seaway. The company's intermodal business
links customers to railroads via trucks and terminals. CSX also serves thousands of production
and distribution facilities through track connections to approximately 230 short-line and regional
railroads.
In addition to CSXT, the company's major subsidiaries include CSX Intermodal Terminals, Inc.,
Total Distribution Services, Inc. (TDSI), TRANSFLO Terminal Services, Inc., and CSX
Technology, Inc. CSX Intermodal Terminals owns and operates a system of intermodal
terminals, predominantly in the eastern United States, and performs drayage services (the
pickup and delivery of intermodal shipments) for certain CSX customers and trucking dispatch
operations. TDSI serves the automotive industry with a network of world-class vehicle
distribution centers and storage locations. TRANSFLO connects non-rail served customers to
the many benefits of rail by transferring products between rail and trucks. CSX Technology and
other subsidiaries provide support services for the company. CSX's other holdings include a
CSXT group responsible for the company's real estate sales, leasing, acquisition and
management and development activities.
The primary reporting company for purposes of the CDP is CSXT, which is the principal
operating subsidiary of CSX. To increase transparency, CSX has included all major
subsidiaries in its greenhouse gas inventory and CDP response since 2012; this includes CSX
Intermodal Terminals, TDSI, CSX Technology, and TRANSFLO, in addition to CSXT.
