yN C
Sasol Limited CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 25 October 2019 >» > b DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

Sasol is an international integrated chemicals and energy company, proudly rooted in our
South African heritage, delivering superior value to our stakeholders. In South Africa, in
addition to our coal to liquids and chemicals; and gas to chemicals facility, we also refine
imported crude oil and retail liquid fuels through our network. We also supply fuels to other
licensed wholesalers in the region. We have chemical manufacturing and marketing operations
in South Africa, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and the Americas. Climate change potentially
poses various risks to our business. These risks include meeting anticipated legislative and
policy requirements, increasing operational costs to reduce emissions and adapting to its
potential physical impacts. Identifying appropriate responses that balance the needs for
economic development, job creation, energy security, sustainability and emissions reduction
represent one of the greatest challenges to our generation. Sasol supports an international
agreement that defines how countries will share efforts to reduce GHG emissions, in line with
the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities. As a South African based company,
we are of the view that an agreement that provides assurance for all can only be delivered
through an international multilateral rule-based process such as the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) i.e. the Paris Agreement (COP 21).

In assessing Sasol’s responses to this questionnaire, it is important to note that Sasol’s primary
disclosure is through its annual suite of reporting publications which can be accessed on the
following website www.sasol.com. These documents cover climate change considerations and
its impact on Sasol’s businesses and strategy; and the related risk management and
governance processes in a holistic way, which may not be covered in the same way by the
responses to this questionnaire. The prompts in the questionnaire, especially in so far as the
risk identifiers, time horizons, likelihood and magnitude of impact are concerned, differ in some
aspects from our internal approach. We have used best efforts in responding to these
questions in aligning with our internal approach. For instance, we have reflected the potential
financial impact in accordance with what we believe the range could be, consistent with the
application of our own risk matrixes for purposes of assessing significance. Lastly, it is
important to note that we are continuously refining our approach through scenario work to
inform robustness testing of our strategy and associated mitigation and adaptation responses.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.
