WN
Kumba lron Ore CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, January wy DP

20, 2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

No emissions from this source

Relevance of market-based Scope 2 emissions from this source (if applicable)
No emissions from this source

Explain why this source is excluded
The small corporate office is excluded from the reporting boundary due to low energy
usage at that office. Its emissions are deemed negligible compared to the overall carbon
footprint of Kumba. Energy data for offices situated at our Sishen and Kolomela mines is
included in the disclosure.

C6.5

(C6.5) Account for your organization’s gross global Scope 3 emissions, disclosing
and explaining any exclusions.

Purchased goods and services

Evaluation status
Not relevant, calculated

Metric tonnes CO2e
151,202

Emissions calculation methodology
Kumba identified its top four purchased goods by operational spend. These goods were
explosives, steel, tyres and cement. Activity data: Supplier invoices were used to obtain
the total mass in tonnes of each purchased good used in the reporting year. Emissions
factors: The emission factors for other indirect emissions and their respective sources
are: Explosives: 2.51 tCOQ2e/tonne product (CCaLC Tool Manual (V1.1) Carbon
Calculations over the Life Cycle of Industrial Activities (page 178)). Steel: 1.9
tCO2e/tonne product (Greenhouse Gas Abatement in Energy Intensive Industries, page
5, Integrated steel mill average). Tyres: 1.09 tCO2e/tonne (Michelin Annual Report -
2015 Performance, Pg101). Cement: 0.853 tCO2e/tonne product (Pretoria Portland
Cement 2018 Integrated Annual Report Pg 115). GWP values: Carbon dioxide = 1.
Methodology: The mass of each purchased good was multiplied by the emission factor
associated with extraction and production of that good. Calculations were performed in
accordance with ISO 14064 Part 1 and The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value
Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard. Assumptions: No assumptions
were made in the calculation of the emissions in this category. Allocation methods:
Financial control approach.

Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or
value chain partners
100

Please explain

50
