WN
Kumba lron Ore CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, January wy DP

20, 2021

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

Kumba Iron Ore Limited (hereafter, Kumba), a member of the Anglo American plc. Group, is a
leading value-adding supplier of high quality iron ore to the global steel industry. The company
exported 40.0 million tonnes of iron ore in 2019 to steelmakers in Europe, the Middle-East and
Asia as well as over 2.2 million tonnes to the local, South African, market. The revenue
generated from these sales is used to grow and sustain the business, which shares its success
with various stakeholders in many ways. Kumba’s main activities include exploration and open
cast mining; beneficiation; blending; outbound logistics; shipping, marketing and selling;
rehabilitation; environmental management and corporate social investment.

Kumba operates primarily in South Africa, with mining operations in the Northern Cape, a head
office in Centurion, Gauteng, and a port operation in Saldanha Bay, Western Cape. Sishen and
Kolomela mines are long-life operations with current life of mine estimates placed at 13 years
for each mine.

Thabazimbi mine has reached the end of its economic life and a decision to close the
operations was made in July 2015, with a conditional agreement reached to transfer ownership
of the mine. The final closure plan for Thabazimbi mine was submitted to the Department of
Mineral Resources (DMR) in May 2017. The DMR granted the Section 11 approval to enable
the Thabazimbi mine’s mining right to be transferred to ArcelorMittal South Africa, who will take
full responsibility for the environmental rehabilitation and decommissioning of Thabazimbi mine.
The agreement was effective in October 2018, at which time the employees, assets and
liabilities were transferred to ArcelorMittal SA at a nominal purchase consideration plus the
assumed liabilities. All mining operations, including mining, processing and dispatching, ceased
on 1 September 2016 and therefore we no longer report this under Kumba. Kumba has a
76.3% interest in Sishen Iron Ore Company (Pty) Ltd (SIOC), an entity which Kumba manages.
SIOC, in turn, owns the operating assets of the company. The remaining 23.7% interest in
SIOC is held by black economic empowerment (BEE) partners Exxaro Resources Limited, a
leading BEE company listed on the JSE (20.6% (20.6%), and the SIOC Community
Development Trust, a trust that funds projects in local communities (3.1%). In the context of a
challenging operating environment, characterised by the bottoming out of the iron ore price, a
further flattening of the global cost curve, continuing regulatory and policy pressures, and
elevated levels of political and market uncertainty, Kumba has introduced a refined operating
model to significantly reset the Company’s cost base. Over the past years, Kumba has
implemented several interventions to mitigate the impact of the continued volatile market
