WN |
The Spar Group Ltd CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Monday, July 29, wy DP

2019

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

The SPAR Group Ltd (SPAR or the group) is a warehousing and distribution business listed
on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) in the Food and Drug Retailers sector. The Group
owns SPAR retail brand, but, essentially, supports a network of independent retailers who trade
under our brand through our distribution centres.

We form part of SPAR International, which is present in 48 countries and has 242 distribution
centres that serve 13.5 million customers every day. The SPAR Group Ltd, headquartered in
Durban, South Africa, is present in ten countries, has 8 distribution centres and serves 3 768
retail members through 8 store formats every day. SPAR international granted the South
African licence to SPAR in 1963. Today, we have similar SPAR operations in Ireland (including
South West England) and Switzerland. We are also a joint shareholder in SPAR Sri Lanka and
SPAR Zambia, and own SPAR licences for Namibia, Botswana, Mozambique and Angola,
which are all serviced through the South African distribution centres.

Our most significant income is from South Africa where we operate six distribution centres, one
Build it distribution centre and S Buys distribution centre which supply building and
pharmaceutical products respectively. These supply and service 909 independently owned
SPAR stores within South Africa. We distribute goods to stores with a fleet of trucks and trailers
owned by the group.

We have a total of 2 236 stores in the following formats in Southern Africa:

SPAR, SUPERSPAR, KWIKSPAR, SPAR Express Build it, SaveMor, Pharmacy at SPAR and
TOPS at SPAR.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Start date End date Tate | for-iX-mimolem-la-m ol meon'aeliate M-1ta](-S-J(e)at-Mer-1t-Mcelmm ey-ty!

 

reporting years

Row | October 1, September 30, No
1 2017 2018

 
