Canadian Natural Resources Limited CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Thursday, August 12, 2021 Sh D P

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Canadian Natural is one of the largest independent crude oil and natural gas producers in the world. We have an effective and efficient, diversified
combination of assets in North America, the UK portion of the North Sea and Offshore Africa, which enables us to generate significant value. Our
balanced portfolio of light, synthetic, and heavy crude oil and natural gas represents one of the strongest and most diverse asset portfolios of any
energy producer in the world. Our financial discipline, commitment to a strong balance sheet, and capacity to internally generate cash flows provide us
the means to responsibly and sustainably grow our Company in the long term. At Canadian Natural, we are committed to conducting our business in a
way that embraces the key piece of our mission statement "doing it right". Environmental stewardship is a fundamental value of our company and this
is reflected in our approach to energy development. Our goal is to develop resources in a sustainable and responsible way. We are committed to
managing and minimizing the environmental impacts of our operations during all phases of our projects. To reach high standards of environmental
performance and achieve regulatory compliance, we adhere to the principles of continuous improvement, efficient operations and technological
innovation. Our Environment team works together with management and all our operating divisions to ensure environmental stewardship is factored
into our decision-making process. Through our Environmental Excellence program, we work together to proactively reduce greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions, minimize habitat disturbance and advance reclamation, minimize the impact on the landscape to conserve high-value biodiversity and
wildlife, and reduce fresh water use. We foster a culture of environmental awareness where everyone has a vital role to play in identifying and
mitigating environmental impacts from our operations. We reinforce environmental excellence through employee training, due diligence and the
communication of environmental priorities.
