BASF SE CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Ww DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

We do not report CO2 emissions from mobile combustion since their contribution to
BASF’s total GHG emissions is not significant (less than 0.1 % of BASF’s total GHG
emissions).

Source
CO2 emissions from administrative sites/offices (e.g. sales offices)

Relevance of Scope 1 emissions from this source
Emissions are not relevant

Relevance of location-based Scope 2 emissions from this source
Emissions are not relevant

Relevance of market-based Scope 2 emissions from this source (if applicable)
Emissions are not relevant

Explain why this source is excluded
BASF reports GHG emissions only for its production facilities. GHG emission data from
other facilities such as sales offices are not collected since their contribution to BASF’s
total GHG emissions was extrapolated to be less than 1%, which we consider to be
insignificant. We periodically reassess the contribution from our administrative sites.
GHG emissions from assets leased by BASF are accounted for as Scope 3 emissions.

C6.5

(C6.5) Account for your organization’s gross global Scope 3 emissions, disclosing
and explaining any exclusions.

Purchased goods and services

Evaluation status
Relevant, calculated

Metric tonnes CO2e
47,753,000

Emissions calculation methodology
(i) Activity data: Quantity and monetary purchasing volume of the goods and services
purchased in the reporting year were obtained from BASF internal business data
management systems. (ii) Emissions factors: Cradle-to-gate emissions factors were
obtained from commercially and publicly available data sources such as GaBi (sphera),
ecoinvent and PlasticsEurope as well as from BASF’s own LCA database, which is
based mainly on primary data. Supply chain emission factors for technical goods and
services were obtained from the 2012 Guidelines to DEFRA/DECC’s GHG Conversion
Factors for Company Reporting, Annex 13. (iii) GWP values: GWP values referring to
the time horizon of 100 years were taken from IPCC, ARS, 2013. (iv) Methodology &
assumptions: We analyzed the GHG emissions of our procured raw materials and
precursor manufacturing at BASF’s suppliers’ facilities (including merchandise) by

61
