BASF SE CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Ww DP

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

At BASF, we create chemistry for a sustainable future. We combine economic success with
environmental protection and social responsibility. Approx. 110,000 employees in the BASF
Group work on contributing to the success of our customers in nearly all sectors and almost
every country in the world.

BASF’s activities are grouped into six segments: Chemicals, Materials, Industrial Solutions,
Surface Technologies, Nutrition & Care and Agricultural Solutions. In 2020, BASF posted sales
of €59.2 billion and income from operations before special items of approx. €3.6 billion. BASF
shares are traded on the stock exchange in Frankfurt (BAS) and as American Depositary
Receipts (BASFY) in the U.S. Further information on BASF is available at www.basf.com.

We carry out our corporate purpose, “We create chemistry for a sustainable future”, by
pursuing ambitious goals along our entire value chain. In this way, we aim to achieve profitable
growth and take on social and environmental responsibility. Our products, solutions and
technologies contribute to achieving the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals
(SDGs), for example, on sustainable consumption and production, climate action or fighting
hunger. We are committed to contributing to the Paris climate agreement and support the
recommendations of the Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD).

We have defined sustainability focus areas in our corporate strategy to position ourselves in the
market while meeting the growing challenges along the value chain: We source responsibly;
We produce safely for people and environment; We produce efficiently; We value people and
treat them with respect; We drive sustainable products and solutions.

Our leading position as an integrated global chemical company gives us the chance to make
important contributions in the areas of resources, environment and climate, food and nutrition,
and quality of life. Dealing with climate change is one of the major challenges to ensure a
sustainable future. That’s why we are committed to energy efficiency and global climate
protection along the value chain.
