WN |
Norfolk Southern Corp. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Wednesday, wy D Pp

July 31, 2019

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Norfolk Southern Corporation ("Norfolk Southern" or "NS"), based in Norfolk, Virginia, U.S.A.,
controls a major freight railroad, Norfolk Southern Railway Company (collectively with its
railroad subsidiaries, "NSR"). NSR is a common carrier by rail engaged in the
transportation of raw materials, intermediate products and finished goods. NSR operates
primarily in the eastern half of the U.S.A. and, via interchange with other rail carriers, provides
service to and from the rest of the U.S.A.

As of December 31, 2018, NSR operated approximately 19,500 route miles of track in 22 states
and the District of Columbia. The system's lines reach many individual industries, electric
generating facilities, mines, distribution centers, trans-load facilities and other businesses
located in smaller communities in its service area. NS also transports overseas freight through
several Atlantic and Gulf Coast ports, provides comprehensive logistics services and offers the
most extensive inter-modal network in the eastern half of the U.S.A.

The common stock of Norfolk Southern is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE")
under the symbol NSC.

Norfolk Southern's operations are subject to federal and state environmental laws and
regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or
ground water supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of water and other
materials; and the clean-up of hazardous material or petroleum releases. Compliance with
such environmental laws is a principal objective of Norfolk Southern.

Norfolk Southern also supports and encourages voluntary efforts to conduct its business in
accordance with sustainability practices that will help promote corporate success and the health
of the environment. The 2018 Social Responsibility report includes data from calendar year
2017 and is available to the public at www.norfolksouthern.com. The 2019 Social
Responsibility report will be available online in fall of 2019.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Start date stale Me f-1 1 Tate [for-iX- Mim colem-la-M o)weonalellale M-1ia](-S-J(e)at-Mel-1t- Mice) mm ey-(1s

 

reporting years
