yN CDP
ICL CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019 Tuesday, August 27, 2019 >» > b D Pp

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
ICL (Israel Chemicals Ltd) Group is one of the world’s leading fertilizer and specialty chemicals companies. For a world challenged by population
growth and scarce resources, ICL makes products that increase global food and water supplies and improve industrial materials and processes. The
company benefits from direct access to low-cost, highly concentrated sources of minerals — especially potash and bromine. Leveraging this strong
basis, we have built leadership positions in the areas of fertilizers and specialty fertilizers, flame retardants, water treatment solutions, specialty
phosphates for the food, hygiene and safety industries, and a growing range of sustainability solutions. In 2018, ICL spent an amount of approximately
$121 million on issues related to the environment and environmental conservation. In 2019, ICL is expected to spend a sum of approximately $171
million in this area, promising the long-term competitive advantages of our company. ICL is a leading supplier of fertilizers in Europe and a major player
in the specialty fertilizer market segments. As one of the world’s most integrated manufacturers and suppliers of phosphate products, ICL has become
one the leading global providers of pure phosphoric acid and a major specialty phosphate player. ICL’s operations are divided into four business
divisions: Industrial Products (Bromine); Potash; Phosphate Solutions; and Innovative Agro Solutions. ICL's major production activities are located in
Israel, Europe, the US, South America and China, and are supported by major global marketing and logistics networks. ICL employs approximately
12,000 employees worldwide.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

i Ta mer-1is) stale Me FLX) Indicate if you are providing emissions data for past reporting years

 

Row 1 | January 1, 2018 December 31, 2018 No

 
