Manulife Financial Corp. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, we DP

August 26, 2020

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Manulife Financial Corporation (Manulife) is a leading international financial services group that
helps people make their decisions easier and lives better. We operate primarily as John
Hancock in the United States and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance,
as well as wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. At
the end of 2019, we had more than 35,000 employees, over 98,000 agents, and thousands of
distribution partners, serving almost 30 million customers. As of December 31, 2019, we had
$1.2 trillion (US$0.9 trillion) in assets under management and administration, and in the
previous 12 months, we made $29.7 billion in payments to our customers.. Our principal
operations in Asia, Canada and the United States are where we have served customers for
more than 100 years. With our global headquarters in Toronto, Canada, we trade as 'MFC' on
the Toronto, New York, and the Philippine stock exchanges and under '945' in Hong
Kong.

Effective January 1, 2018, the Company introduced Global Wealth and Asset Management as
a primary reporting Segment in addition to existing the Segments of Asia, Canada and the
United States. This change reflected organizational changes made to drive better alignment
with our strategic priorities as well as to increase focus and leverage scale in our global wealth
and asset management businesses. Our reporting elements in this submission for the Global
Wealth and Asset Management Segment are:

e Manulife Investment Management is the unified global brand for Manulife’s Global
Wealth and Asset Management (GWAM) segment, which serves individual investor
and institutional clients in three businesses: Retirement, Retail, and Institutional Asset
Management (Public Markets and Private Markets). For the purposes of this
submission, two businesses within Manulife Investment Management we would like to
highlight are the following:

o Agriculture and timber businesses also known as Hancock Natural Resource
Group (HNRG): Our agriculture and timber businesses specialize in global
farmland and timberland portfolio development and management. Assets are
managed on behalf of our clients through the Hancock Agricultural Investment
Group (HAIG) and the Hancock Timber Resource Group (HTRG). Investments
are integrated with comprehensive property management operations. We
manage over 5.4 million acres of timberland and nearly 470,000 acres of
farmland globally, with approximately US$14.1 billion in assets under
management.

o Real Estate: our Real Estate portfolio consists of space that is occupied both
by external tenants and by Manulife corporate users. Most of our assets are
managed by our robust team of real estate professionals. We do not include
