uN
Pfizer Inc. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 Wednesday, July 28, 2021 wy ( D p

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2021

CO. Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.
Guided by our purpose, "Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives," Pfizer is applying our core
capabilities and values to help deliver courageous solutions. For 171 years, our deep passion
for science and dedication to patients have been foundational to Pfizer. So too have been our
commitments to nurturing a diverse, inclusive and positive workplace to which all colleagues
can bring their best selves, improving equitable access to our vaccines and medicines, and
minimizing negative impact of our work on the environment. We are on a journey to more
intentionally connect our purpose with our Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy
in order to better understand and address the needs of patients, colleagues, partners,
shareholders and communities.
In 2020, we aligned our ESG priority areas and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to our
Purpose Blueprint, a strategy consisting of bold moves and core values that we believe will
allow Pfizer’s colleagues to deliver on the promise of our purpose and unlock the power of our
science. We are amplifying our commitments in the areas where we believe we can make the
most meaningful impact on society and the environment, including signature commitments
focused on equitable access to medicines and vaccines, colleague diversity and inclusion,
product innovation, product quality and safety, climate change, and antimicrobial resistance.
Pfizer's key environmental sustainability priorities specifically focus on mitigating climate
impact, conserving natural resources, and reducing waste including:

e Reducing the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated with our operations. This
includes application of engineering and sustainability innovations to how we design and
operate our sites (e.g., manufacturing, labs, offices, etc.) and manage our operations
(e.g., product transportation, business travel, etc. );

e Reducing water withdrawal associated with our operations and being effective stewards
of the water we use;

e Decreasing waste generated from our operations through a multifaceted approach
including source reduction, waste minimization, recycling, and other opportunities to
reuse materials we cannot recycle ourselves;

e Applying scientific innovation and operational efficiency to reduce the environmental
impact of our medicines throughout the product lifecycle;

e Integrating environmental sustainability criteria into our supplier selection and
management processes; and
