Golden Agri-Resources CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2020 Wednesday, We DP

September 9, 2020

DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION

Welcome to your CDP Climate Change
Questionnaire 2020

CO.

Introduction

CO.1

(C0.1) Give a general description and introduction to your organization.

Golden Agri-Resources (GAR) is one of the largest palm oil plantation companies in the world.
Our plantations are located in Indonesia and we manage around 500,000 hectares of palm oil
plantations (including smallholder farmers). It has integrated operations focusing on the
production of palm-based edible oils and fats and biodiesel. GAR is focused on sustainable
palm oil production and its primary activities range from cultivating and harvesting oil palm
trees, processing fresh fruit bunches (“FFB”) into crude palm oil (“CPO”) and palm kernel
(“PK”), to refining CPO into industrial and consumer products such as cooking oil, margarine
and shortening and biodiesel as well as trading palm products throughout the world.

GAR is focused on sustainable palm oil production by adopting the best industry practices and
standards, managing the environment responsibly and empowering the communities where we
operate while delivering shareholder value. Our sustainability strategy is based on
implementing best practices holistically in all dimensions of sustainability (the environment,
community, market place and work place); benchmarking our practices against the Roundtable
on Sustainable Palm Oil ("RSPO") Principles and Criteria and the core principles of the United
Nations Global Compact ("UNGC"); and engaging stakeholders proactively.

C0.2

(C0.2) State the start and end date of the year for which you are reporting data.

Sica: Tale Me F-1K-y Tate | Cer-1X- Mi mole mr-las Select the number of past
date providing emissions data reporting years you will be

io) a of-t-) mc) Lola late MAV(:Y- Li) providing emissions data for

 

Reporting | January |December j|Yes 1 year

year

1,2019 /|31, 2019

 

C0.3

(C0.3) Select the countries/areas for which you will be supplying data.
Indonesia

C0.4

(C0.4) Select the currency used for all financial information disclosed throughout your
response.
